# Changelog

## HEAD

## 2.2
+ Remove `maximum-scale=1` now that the iOS bug has been fixed.
+ Update normalize.sass to 2.1.3

## 2.1.1
+ Update Icons and Improved Open Graph compatibility
+ Update to default CSS and default colour variables

## 2.1
+ Reverted to float based grid due to rounding issues with inline-block in some browers.
+ Added `float-grid` for floated units with padding
+ Fix `border-box`
+ Fix gutter-modifier variable in `_grid.sass`
+ Changed Apple Icon to a single 152x152 icon.

## 2.0.1
+ Corrected percentage width calculations.

## 2.0.0
+ Replaced Compass with Bourbon
+ Typographic values are now generated by the `modular-scale()` function.

## 1.3.0
+ Added support for hi-dpi/retina displays.

## 1.2.1
+ Removed excess testing code from 1.2.0 base file.

## 1.2.0
+ Moved max-width from `body` to `.container`, now generated with container mixin.
+ Corrected favicon reference.
+ Paragraphs and lists now have default styling.
+ Grids now share a single Sass mixin, direction set by CSS in modules.
+ Imports Compass complete now.
+ New config file for Compass compatibility.
+ Added `#menu` id to `nav` element.
+ Root Em fallback mixin now accepts multiple values (e.g. `+rem(margin, 20px 0`).
+ Added basic rem value generator.

## 1.1.1
+ Fixed description meta tag.

## 1.1.0
+ Added support for Internet Explorer 8+ as default with respond.js
+ Added OpenGraph metadata for social media sites.
+ Added Google Analytics snippet to index file.
+ Added JQuery version 2.0.3, version 1.10.2 will be served to Internet Explorer 8 and below.
+ JavaScript files now stored in js/libs.
+ Updated iPhone retina display icon to 120x120 in accordance with iOS7 guidelines.

## 1.0.1
+ Moved variables from reset to base.
+ Renamed reset to normalize to reflect the shared codebase with the normalize.sass repository.

## 1.0.0
+ First public release.